hi how you doing I haven't recorded a
video in a few days so apologies for
that I've been a little bit lazy been
doing University work being a little bit
depressed because I haven't been able to
dive because I'm so cold over here in
England but anyway my digress I was
chatting with a few friends with mine
and the main issues that came up were
fear and to be more specific the the
fear of scuba diving the fear of water
whether it was worth doing it they
wanted to know what they could expect so
here goes nothing if you have a real
deep-seated fear of the water save had
dreams where you driving etc I would
recommend not to try scuba diving at all
I say that because you don't want to get
into a panic situation when you're under
the water it's just not worth it you
know if you really really want to do it
and you have your heart set on it you
will do it but don't feel pressured by
by anyone don't get influenced don't
feel like you have to do it to please
anyone else do it because you want to do
it
scuba diving
i I think if well it's my opinion that
it's a very safe activity but it can be
a very dangerous activity it all comes
down to practice it comes down to
sticking to the rules sticking to your
body checks knowledge the people who
dive with your tuition this these are
the things that make it safe what what
is unsafe about scuba diving's people
that take unnecessary risks
people who don't stick to the rules I
mean I'm the kind of girl I don't stick
to although I don't like being told what
to do but in these circumstances I'd do
everything by the book because I value
my life and I value the lives of the
people who I dive with so in one word
answer yes it is safe and it's as safe
as you make it to have fear of the water
it's very natural it's not something
that I have but it's something that
affects a lot of people the only advice
that I can give you know I'm not a
psychologist I'm not a doctor if you
have a slight fear of the water what I
could recommend to spend time in the
pool spend time in the ocean you know
with friends with people who you trust
people who you know you know maybe who
are in the same situation as you who
watch they're confident you know just
build your confidence up together build
your fitness levels up and then I truly
believe that you know confidence comes
through when you know something more you
know ferrets when you don't know
something so you know become acquainted
with the sea become acquainted with the
water you know enjoy yourself you know
feel relaxed scuba diving is an
incredibly relaxing activity and also
you can get a great adrenaline rush this
is why I love it so much it's relaxing
as far as or you can think about when
you're under the water is your dive it's
like Gompers I guess when they're on the
golf course all they can think about is
their game so in a way it's very
relaxing you get that adrenaline rush
because of course you're out of your
comfort zone you're in a new world just
seeing different things that you haven't
in jizz confidence when it comes to
scuba diving comes with practice I
recommend more than anything to have an
instructor who takes their time it
doesn't rush for activities really can
boost your confidence it's very easy to
get put off I've had a couple of bad
dives and really even there was a point
after what dive and I thought I never
want to do it again
that's why if I don't get in the water
the next day I'll never do it again
so you will have days where they're not
so good but you know if it's part of you
if it's something that you loves you'll
get back in with the water so try it
have a go
I mean you're not you're not going to
lose anything you know if you're you're
worried and you're scared when you're
scuba diving you can always return to
the surface you know at least you know
in life just give things a try you know
I've never put my head under the water
before I'd start the scuba diving you
know I'd always swam in the pool have a
little swim in the ocean but you know I
didn't like it so much so really you can
be pleasantly surprised and you can find
this to be one of them it less of your
life you'll see things a little under
the water sorry that you have never seen
before and I'm in rudimental you know
you know sea turtles will see or
different types of fish different plants
you know coral lots of things that seem
very alien to the eye and that's
inspiring so if you haven't gonna go try
it okay well until the next video
I will
she's lots of luck and lots of love and
see you soon okay bye-bye